Resource manager (#91)
VisionSystemsInc/terra: docs/terra/settings.rst

    ====================================== ==========================================
    Alias                                  Class
    ====================================== ==========================================
    DummyExecutor                          terra.executor.dummy.DummyExecutor
    SyncExecutor                           terra.executor.sync.SyncExecutor
    ThreadPoolExecutor                     terra.executor.thread.ThreadPoolExecutor
    concurrent.futures.ThreadPoolExecutor  terra.executor.thread.ThreadPoolExecutor
    ProcessPoolExecutor                    terra.executor.process.ProcessPoolExecutor
    concurrent.futures.ProcessPoolExecutor terra.executor.process.ProcessPoolExecutor
    CeleryExecutor                         terra.executor.celery.CeleryExecutor
    ====================================== ==========================================

.. note::

   Do not force terra to use :py:class:`concurrent.futures.ThreadPoolExecutor` or :py:class:`concurrent.futures.ProcessPoolExecutor`, as it is missing customizations such as the ``multiprocess`` attribute. You can still :ref:`bring your own executor <custom-executor>`.

.. option:: executor.num_workers

>     The maximum number of workers that will be used. Not honored by :py:class:`terra.executor.sync.SyncExecutor` or :py:class:`terra.executor.celery.executor.CeleryExecutor`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The maximum number of workers that will be used. Not applicable to :py:class:`terra.executor.sync.SyncExecutor`. Not honored by :py:class:`terra.executor.celery.executor.CeleryExecutor`
```

Reviewer: What should you use instead for CeleryExecutor
